Docsteam 371 move content out of execution envs (#7038)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/building-docker-images.md

- Server v2.x
---

> This document explains how to build Docker images for deployment elsewhere or further testing, and how to start services in a remote docker environment when using the Docker execution environment.

Reviewer: The first half of this sentence is a little confusing to read.

"This document explains how to build Docker images for deployment elsewhere or further testing, and how to start services in a remote docker environment when using the Docker execution environment."

> This document explains how to build Docker images for deployment elsewhere or further testing, and how to start services in a remote docker environment when using the Docker execution environment.

Author: ```suggestion
This page explains how to build Docker images for deployment and further testing. The examples on this page that use the Docker execution environment show how to start services in a remote docker environment.
```
```suggestion
This document explains how to build Docker images for deployment elsewhere or further testing, and how to start services in a remote docker environment when using the Docker execution environment.
```

          docker push CircleCI-Public/circleci-demo-docker:$TAG
```

> Let’s break down what’s happening during this build’s execution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a break down of what is happening during this build’s execution:
```
